Dshot oneshot link fixes (#2403)
PX4/PX4-user_guide: en/peripherals/dshot.md

<span id="wiring"></span>
## Wiring/Connections

DShot ESC are wired the same way as [PWM ESCs](pwm_escs_and_servo.md).
The only difference is that they can only be connected to the FMU (PWM AUX bus), and usually only to some subset of pins.

The FMU outputs are set in the [Actuator Configuration](../config/actuators.md) `PWM AUX` actuator outputs tab, and the UI makes it obvious which outputs can be set as DShot.
You may want to check the actuator configuration screen to see what pins are available for DShot on your controller before wiring up!

:::note
Pixhawk controllers with both an FMU and an IO board usually label them as `AUX` (FMU) and `MAIN` (IO), matching the names of the actuator configution screen.

> Controllers with no IO board, screenprint the PWM port as `MAIN` (FMU), which will not match the actuator UI.

Author: ```suggestion
Controllers with no IO board usually label the PWM port as `MAIN` (FMU), which will not match the actuator UI.
```

> Controllers with no IO board usually label the PWM port as `MAIN` (FMU), which will not match the actuator UI.

Reviewer: It will only not match if the same board target is used for IO vs non-IO boards. E.g. Pixhawk 4 vs Pixhawk 4 mini.

Author: @bkueng Are you saying that if Pixhawk 4 mini had used a different board target the Actuator Config would have allowed you to set the outputs in the PWM MAIN outputs? 

Don't we always have just one build target/binary for each FMU release? i.e. that FC is pixhawk standard, so would we release separate binaries?

Reviewer: > @bkueng Are you saying that if Pixhawk 4 mini had used a different board target the Actuator Config would have allowed you to set the outputs in the PWM MAIN outputs?

Yes

> Don't we always have just one build target/binary for each FMU release? i.e. that FC is pixhawk standard, so would we release separate binaries?

More or less, it's a bit of a mix now. E.g. cuav has their own targets, but I don't know if they still fall under 'pixhawk standard'. Similar Ark for v6x.

Author: I think fixed in https://github.com/PX4/PX4-user_guide/pull/2424. Feel free to merge if it is OK. I'm a bit tired, so I might look at it again tomorrow just to final-check the English.

> Irrespective, the FMU outputs are configured in the `PWM AUX` actuator outputs tab.

Author: ```suggestion
In either case, the FMU outputs are configured in the `PWM AUX` actuator outputs tab.
```

Developers might alternatively modify the [airframe AUX mixer](../dev_airframes/adding_a_new_frame.md#mixer-file) so that the multirotor outputs are on the AUX port rather than MAIN.
Pixhawk controllers with both an FMU and an IO board usually label them as `AUX` (FMU) and `MAIN` (IO), matching the names of the actuator configution screen.
Controllers with no IO board usually label the PWM port as `MAIN` (FMU), which will not match the actuator UI.
In either case, the FMU outputs are configured in the `PWM AUX` actuator outputs tab.
:::

:::note
FMUv5-based boards (e.g. Pixhawk 4 or CUAV Pixhawk V5+) support DShot only on the first four FMU pins due to hardware conflicts.
The other pins cannot be used as motor/servo outputs.

FMUv5x and FMUv6x based boards support DShot only on the a group of channels 1 to 4, and a second group of channels 5 and 6.
If DShot is enabled on either of these groups, each channel within the group will only output DShot.
While DShot is enabled on either or both groups, normal PWM is supported on any channels which are not in the DShot enabled groups(s).

> :::

Author: FWIW As discussed, rather than talk about specific boards, they might be best checking what is offered in the actuator config.

If using a Pixhawk that has ports labeled AUX and MAIN, set [SYS_USE_IO=0](../advanced_config/parameter_reference.md#SYS_USE_IO) and connect your ESCs to the AUX-labeled outputs *as though they were labeled MAIN*. 

:::note
A Pixhawk flight controller that has both FMU and IO will label these ports as AUX and MAIN respectively.
DShot can only be used on the FMU ports (labeled AUX), which is a problem because ESC/motor outputs are typically assigned to the port labelled `MAIN` in the [airframe reference](../airframes/airframe_reference.md). 

To use DShot you therefore normally set `SYS_USE_IO=0` (which makes the ports labeled AUX behave *as though* they were the ports labeled MAIN), and connect your ESCs to the corresponding AUX-labeled outputs. 

Any outputs that would normally be assigned to AUX ports in the [airframe reference](../airframes/airframe_reference.md) are no longer available. 

Developers might alternatively modify the [Actuator Configuration](../config/actuators.md) so that motor outputs are on the AUX port rather than MAIN.

> :::

Author: This whole page needs a check, but in particular this bit. 

Do we still need to talk about disabling the IO? Can you still just use the first 4 AUX ports?
I was thinking we can just say use the actuator config, it will allow you to assign the first 4 AUX ports, otherwise you're stuck?

Further, airframe no longer shows MAIN/AUX in most cases, so we should just refer to assigning outputs right?

Reviewer: I would remove `SYS_USE_IO` completely. You can now just re-assing motors on the AUX outputs.

> I was thinking we can just say use the actuator config, it will allow you to assign the first 4 AUX ports, otherwise you're stuck?

Yes, some boards allow more. The UI will show it correctly.

> Further, airframe no longer shows MAIN/AUX in most cases, so we should just refer to assigning outputs/motors using the indicated output function right?

Yes

Remove propellers before changing ESC configuration parameters!
:::

Enable DShot for your required outputs in the [Actuator Configuration](../config/actuators.md).

DShot comes with different speed options: *DShot150*, *DShot300*, *DShot600* and *DShot1200*, where the number indicates the speed in kilo-bits/second.
You should set the parameter to the highest speed supported by your ESC (according to its datasheet).

Then connect the battery and arm the vehicle.
The ESCs should initialize and the motors turn in the correct directions.

> - If the motors do not spin in the correct direction (for the [selected airframe](../airframes/airframe_reference.md)) you can reverse them in the UI using the **Set Spin Direction** options (or reverse them by sending an [ESC Command](#commands)).

Author: I couldn't see "Set Spin Direction" on my UI - is this an advanced setting option?

Reviewer: It will show up if you select dshot and assigned motors.
